% Template for APA submission with R Markdown

% Stuff changed from PLOS Template
\documentclass[a4paper,man,apacite,floatsintext]{apa6}
\usepackage{apacite}

% amsmath package, useful for mathematical formulas
\usepackage{amsmath}
% amssymb package, useful for mathematical symbols
\usepackage{amssymb}

% hyperref package, useful for hyperlinks
\usepackage{hyperref}

% graphicx package, useful for including eps and pdf graphics
% include graphics with the command \includegraphics
\usepackage{graphicx}

% Sweave(-like)
\usepackage{fancyvrb}
\DefineVerbatimEnvironment{Sinput}{Verbatim}{fontshape=sl}
\DefineVerbatimEnvironment{Soutput}{Verbatim}{}
\DefineVerbatimEnvironment{Scode}{Verbatim}{fontshape=sl}
\newenvironment{Schunk}{}{}
\DefineVerbatimEnvironment{Code}{Verbatim}{}
\DefineVerbatimEnvironment{CodeInput}{Verbatim}{fontshape=sl}
\DefineVerbatimEnvironment{CodeOutput}{Verbatim}{}
\newenvironment{CodeChunk}{}{}

% cite package, to clean up citations in the main text. Do not remove.
\usepackage{cite}

\usepackage{color}

% Use doublespacing - comment out for single spacing
%\usepackage{setspace}
%\doublespacing


% Text layout
\topmargin 0.0cm
\oddsidemargin 0.5cm
\evensidemargin 0.5cm
\textwidth 16cm
\textheight 21cm

% Bold the 'Figure #' in the caption and separate it with a period
% Captions will be left justified
\usepackage[labelfont=bf,labelsep=period,justification=raggedright]{caption}


% Remove brackets from numbering in List of References
\makeatletter
\renewcommand{\@biblabel}[1]{\quad#1.}
\makeatother


% Leave date blank
\date{}

%\pagestyle{myheadings}
%% ** EDIT HERE **


%% ** EDIT HERE **
%% PLEASE INCLUDE ALL MACROS BELOW

%% END MACROS SECTION


% ALL OF THE TITLE PAGE INFORMATION IS SPECIFIED IN THE YAML
\title{\textbf{Children's social learning is active learning: social contexts shape
learners' choices}}
\shorttitle{}

\author{Kyle MacDonald}

\affiliation{Department of Psychology, Stanford University}

\authornote{Conceptual Analysis of Dissertation Area. Readers: Michael C. Frank,
Hyowon Gweon, and Anne Fernald}
\abstract{Children's rapid conceptual development is one of the more remarkable
features of human cognition. How do they learn so much so quickly?
Social learning theories argue for the importance of learning from more
knowledgeable others. In contrast, active learning accounts focus on
children's learning via exploration and the testing of hypotheses. In
this paper, I argue that an important step towards a complete theory of
human learning is to understand how active learning behaviors unfold
within fundamentally social learning contexts. To integrate the two
accounts, I use a framework of rational decision making that emphasizes
the role of utility (i.e., costs and benefits of an action) for
explaining choice behavior. The key insight is that social learning is
not separate from active learning, and the costs/benefits of children'
decisions about what to learn are shaped by interactions with other
people.}
\keywords{human learning, active learning, social learning, decision making,
theory}

\begin{document}
\maketitle

\section{Introduction}\label{introduction}

Human learning is remarkable. Consider that children, despite striking
limitations in their general processing capabilities, are able to
acquire new concepts at a high rate eventually reaching an adult
vocabulary ranging between 50,000 to 100,000 words (P. Bloom, 2002). And
they do this while also developing motor skills, learning social norms,
and building causal knowledge. What sorts of processes can account for
children's prodigious learning abilities?

Social learning theories offer a solution by pointing out that children
do not solve these problems on their own. And although children learn a
great deal from observation, they are typically surrounded by parents,
other knowledgeable adults, or older peers -- all of whom likely know
more than they do. These \emph{social} contexts can bootstrap learning
via several mechanisms. For example, work on early language acquisition
shows that social partners provide input that is tuned to children's
cognitive abilities (Eaves Jr, Feldman, Griffiths, \& Shafto, 2016;
Fernald \& Kuhl, 1987), that guides children's attention to important
features in the world (Yu \& Ballard, 2007), and that increases levels
of arousal and sustained attention, which lead to better learning (P. K.
Kuhl, 2007; Yu \& Smith, 2016).

Social contexts can also change the computations that support children'
learning from evidence. Recent work on both concept learning and causal
learning suggests that the presence of another person leads the learner
to reason about \emph{why} people perform certain actions. The key
insight is that knowledge of the underlying process that generates
information allows learners to make more appropriate inferences to
facilitate learning (Bonawitz \& Shafto, 2016; Frank, Goodman, \&
Tenenbaum, 2009; Shafto, Goodman, \& Griffiths, 2014). For example,
people will draw different inferences from the same observations
depending on whether they think that the behavior was accidental or
intentional. Moreover, adults and children will make even stronger
inferences if they think an action was selected with the goal to help
them learn (i.e., teaching) (Shafto, Goodman, \& Frank, 2012).

However, children are not passive recipients of information -- from
people or from the world. Instead, children actively select behaviors
(e.g., ask questions, choose where to allocate attention) that modulate
the content, pacing, and sequence of information they receive. In fact,
recent theorizing and empirical work in cognitive development
conceptualizes early learning as an active process of exploration and
hypothesis testing similar to the scientific method (Gopnik, Meltzoff,
\& Kuhl, 1999; Schulz, 2012). Moreover, recent empirical work across a
variety of domains (education, machine learning, and cognitive science)
has begun to explore the benefits of self-directed choice for speeding
learning outcomes via an increase in attention/arousal (CITE) during
learning or by providing better information that is more tightly linked
to the learners' cognitive state and interests (Castro et al., 2009;
Markant \& Gureckis, 2014; Settles, 2012).

Thus, both social and active contexts can facilitate learning by
engaging distinct learning processes and by providing the learner with
better information. But real-world learning involves a complex mixture
of these processes that unfolds over multiple timescales. One important
challenge for understanding human learning is to precisely characterize
the mutual influence of social learning contexts and children's
developing ability to exert control over their environment. In this
paper, I argue that learning from social contexts can be productively
construed as providing opportunities for \emph{constrained active
learning}. The key insight is that the presence of other people can
qualitatively change the cost-benefit calculus of learners' choices,
which in turn shapes children's input and the subsequent social context.

The plan for the paper is as follows. I first review evidence of the
effects of social learning across a variety of learning domains. I also
present three different mechanisms through which social contexts
facilitate learning: attentional, informational, and inferential. In
part II, I discuss work on active learning that explores the influence
of giving people control over the learning environment. In part III, I
integrate the social and active learning accounts using ideas from
formal models of decision making that emphasize the utility structure of
different actions available to the learner. I conclude by presenting a
conceptual analysis that explores the utility of a variety of choice
behaviors available to young learners in real-world social learning
contexts.

\section{Part I: The power of learning from other
people}\label{part-i-the-power-of-learning-from-other-people}

Children's conceptual development is faster and more flexible compared
to any other species. Why is this the case? Social learning theories
argue that a key factor is humans' unique capacity to transmit and
acquire information from other people.\footnote{In this paper, I define
  ``social'' contexts as learning environments where another agent is
  present. This definition includes a broad range of social learning
  behaviors: e.g., observation, imitation, and learning from direct
  pedagogy.} One of the primary benefits of this cultural learning
process is that learners gain access to knowledge that has accumulated
over many generations: information that would be far too complex for any
individual to figure out on their own (Boyd, Richerson, \& Henrich,
2011). Moreover, social contexts can facilitate learning because more
knowledgable others can select input to best support children's learning
(Kline, 2015; Shafto et al., 2012), providing learning opportunities
filled with generalizable information (Csibra \& Gergely, 2009).

A large body of empirical work on children's learning shows the effect
of social contexts on a variety of learning domains -- emotional,
cognitive, and linguistic. However, these effects manifest through
different pathways, such as guiding attention, increasing arousal,
selecting better information, and changing the strength of children's
inferences. In this section, I present a brief, high-level overview of
the evidence supporting the role of each of these social learning
processes, with the goal of synthesizing different explanations for the
benefits of social learning.

\subsubsection{Social interactions enhance
attention}\label{social-interactions-enhance-attention}

From infancy, humans are preferentially attend to input that comes from
other people. For example, in the visual domain, newborn infants prefer
to attend to face-like patterns compared to other configurations
(Johnson, Dziurawiec, Ellis, \& Morton, 1991) and will even show a
preference for faces that make direct eye contact compared to faces with
averted gaze (Farroni, Csibra, Simion, \& Johnson, 2002). In the
language domain, newborns prefer to listen to speech over non-speech
stimuli (Vouloumanos \& Werker, 2007), their mother's voice over other
voices (DeCasper, Fifer, Oates, \& Sheldon, 1987), and infant-directed
speech over adult-directed speech (Cooper \& Aslin, 1990; Fernald \&
Kuhl, 1987; Pegg, Werker, \& McLeod, 1992). Moreover, recent work by Yu
\& Smith (2016) using head-mounted eye tracking found that one-year-olds
sustained visual attention to an object longer when their parents' had
looked at that object.

These attentional biases lead to different outcomes in social learning
contexts. For example, 4-month-olds' show better memory for faces if
that face gazed directly at them as compared to a less-social,
averted-gaze condition (Farroni, Massaccesi, Menon, \& Johnson, 2007).
Moreover, 4-month-olds' memory for objects is enhanced if an adult gazed
at that object during learning (Cleveland, Schug, \& Striano, 2007; Reid
\& Striano, 2005). And 7-month-olds more easily segment words from
infant-directed speech compared to adult-directed speech (Thiessen,
Hill, \& Saffran, 2005).

P. K. Kuhl (2007) refer to these sorts of effects as ``social gating''
phenomena since the presence of another person activates children's
computational learning mechanisms. One striking piece of evidence of the
social gating hypothesis comes from a study of infants' foreign-language
phonetic learning. In this experiment, P. K. Kuhl, Tsao, \& Liu (2003)
exposed 9-10 month-old English-learning infants to Mandarin speakers
either via live interactions or via audiovisual recordings and measured
their ability to discriminate Mandarin-specific phonemes two months
later. Only the infants who were exposed to Mandarin within the social
interactions were able to succeed on the disrimnation task; whereas,
infants in the audiovisual recording condition showed no evidence of
learning. P. K. Kuhl et al. (2003) also showed that infants in the
social interaction condition exhibited higher rates of visual attention
to the speaker, suggesting that the social contexts enhanced learning by
increasing children's attention to the input.

The common thread across these findings is that the presence of another
person is a particularly good way of increasing attention. In this
model, social input is more salient and therefore more likely to come
into contact with children's general learning mechanisms. However,
increases in arousal, attention, and memory are only one way that social
contexts can influence early learning. In fact, one of the defining
features of early learning environments is the presence of other people
who know more than the child. This creates an opportunity for more
knowledgable others to select learning experiences that are particularly
beneficial -- either because the information is tuned to children's
current cognitive abilities or because the information is likely to be
generalizable. \#\#\# Social interactions provide ``good'' information

The notion that children's input might be shaped to facilitate their
learning is a key tenet of several influential theories of cognitive
development (e.g., Vygotsky's \emph{Zone of Proximal Development}
(Vygotsky, 1987), Rogoff's \emph{Guided Participation} (Rogoff et al.,
1993), and Csibra \& Gergely's \emph{Natural Pedagogy} (Csibra \&
Gergely, 2009)). But how do social interactions provide particularly
useful information for children's learning?

A particularly compelling set of evidence comes from studies of how
caregivers alter the way they communicate with young children, which in
turn helps children solve a variety of language learning problems. That
is, adults do not speak to children in the same way as they speak to
other adults; instead, they exaggerate prosody, reduce speed, shorten
utterances, and elevate both pitch and affect (see (Fernald \& Simon,
1984) for a review). And subsequent empirical work has shown that these
features of ``infant-directed speech'' facilitate vowel learning
(Adriaans \& Swingley, 2017; De Boer \& Kuhl, 2003), word segmentation
(Fernald \& Mazzie, 1991; Thiessen et al., 2005), word recognition
(Singh, Nestor, Parikh, \& Yull, 2009), and word learning (Graf Estes \&
Hurley, 2013).

In addition to the findings on infant-directed speech, work on infants'
early vocal production provides evidence for the importance of
\emph{contingency} of social feedback. For example, Goldstein \& Schwade
(2008) measured whether infants modified their babbling to produce more
speechlike sounds after interacting with caregivers who either provided
contingent or non-contingent responses to infants' babbling. They found
that only infants in the contingent feedback condition changed their
vocalization behavior to produce more adult-like language forms.
Goldstein \& Schwade (2008) hypothesized that the contingency effect was
driven by infants' receiving input that was paricularly useful for
solving this learning problem since the feedback was close in time to
infants' vocalizations, making it easier for them to compare
discrepancies between the two.

A third piece of evidence comes from research on children's early word
learning. Social-pragmatic theories of language acquisition have
emphasized the importance of social cues for reducing the (in principle)
unlimited amount of referential uncertainty present when children are
trying to acquire novel words (P. Bloom, 2002; Clark, 2009; Hollich et
al., 2000). Empirical work by Yu \& Smith (2012) shows that young
learners tend to retain words that are accompanied by clear referential
cues, which serve to make a single object dominant in the visual field
(see also (Yu \& Smith, 2013; Yu, Ballard, \& Aslin, 2005). Moreover,
correlational studies show positive links between early vocabulary
development and parents' tendency to refer to objects that children are
already attending to (i.e., ``follow-in'' labeling) (Tomasello \&
Farrar, 1986).

Taken together, these findings suggest that the features of social input
are particularly well-suited to helping children learn. In addition,
social partners often communicate information that will generalize
beyond the current learning context. Csibra \& Gergely (2009) argue that
this assumption of \emph{generalizability} is a fundamental component of
``Natural Pedagogy'' -- a uniquely human communication system that
allows adults to quickly and efficiently pass along cultural knowledge
to children. Experiental work shows that children are biased to think
that information presented in a communicative context is generalizable
(Butler \& Markman, 2012; Yoon, Johnson, \& Csibra, 2008), and corpus
analyses provides evidence that generic language (e.g., ``birds fly'')
is common in everyday adult-child conversations (Gelman, Goetz,
Sarnecka, \& Flukes, 2008).

Thus far, I have reviewed evidence showing that social information can
benefit learning because it (a) enhances attention, (b) it is especially
learnable, and/ (c) it is likely to be useful beyond the current
learning context. However, learning from other people also engages
distinct social reasoning processes that can change how learners
interpret and learn from evidence.

\subsubsection{Social interactions change inferential
learning}\label{social-interactions-change-inferential-learning}

One of the defining features of human social learning is that teachers
and learners' actions are not random. Instead, people select behaviors
with respect to some goal (e.g., to communicate a concept), and learners
reason about \emph{why} someone chose to perform a particular action.
The key point is that this reciprocal process of reasoning about others'
goal-directed actions can change how people interpret superficially
similar behaviors, altering the learning process.

In recent empirical and modeling, Shafto et al. (2012) formalized this
social reasoning process within the framework of Bayesian models of
cognition. In these models, learning is described as a process of belief
updating that depends on two factors: what the learner believed before
seeing the data and what the learner thinks about the sampling process
that generated the data. The key insight is that if the learner assumes
that the information is generated with the intention to
communicate/teach, then they can make qualitatively different
inferences.

For example, in a causal learning task, Goodman, Baker, \& Tenenbaum
(2009) showed adult participants a person pressing two buttons (A and B)
on a box while a light turned on. The participant's task was to explain
how the device worked (i.e., how to turn on the light?). Results showed
that when participants thought the person knew how the device worked and
had decided to turn it on, they inferred that pressing \emph{both}
buttons was necessary to turn on the light. In contrast, when the person
did not turn on the light via goal-directed action, participants made a
different inference and were less sure about the causal structure.

In addition to causal learning, similar effects of social reasoning have
been found in the domains of word learning (Frank \& Goodman, 2014; Xu
\& Tenenbaum, 2007), selective trust in testimony (Shafto, Eaves,
Navarro, \& Perfors, 2012), tool use (Sage \& Baldwin, 2011), and
concept learning (Shafto et al., 2014). Moreover, there is evidence that
even very young learners are sensitive to the presence of goal-directed
behaviors and will change their learning accordingly. For example, Yoon
et al. (2008) showed that 8-month-olds will encode an object's identity
if their attention was directed by a communicative point, but they will
encode an object's spatial location if their attention was directed by
non-communicative reach. And Senju \& Csibra (2008) found that infants
will follow another person's gaze only if the gaze event was preceded by
the person providing a relevant, communicative cue (e.g.,
infant-directed speech or direct eye contact).

Across all of these studies, learners interpretated similar information
in different ways depending on their assumptions about other people's
goals. These social reasoning effects are different from the attentional
and informational explanations reviewed above in that the inferences
based on social information are placed as part of the underlying
computations that support learning. This account also fits well with
evolutionary models that emphasize the importance of pedagogy for the
accumulation of human cultural knowledge (Boyd et al., 2011; Kline,
2015) and theories of cognitive development that emphasize adults' role
in providing children with generalizable information (Csibra \& Gergely,
2009).

\section{Part II: The power of learning on your
own}\label{part-ii-the-power-of-learning-on-your-own}

Classic theories of development have shared the intuition that knowledge
acquisition is a fundamentally active process with the learner playing
an important role in shaping their own learning environment (Berlyne,
1960; Bruner, 1961). Moreover, the potential benefits of active learning
have been the focus of a great deal of recent empirical work on a broad
set of research areas, including education (Grabinger \& Dunlap, 1995),
machine learning (Settles, 2012), and cognitive science (Castro et al.,
2009).\footnote{Across these different literatures, the term ``active
  learning'' has been used to mean a variety of behaviors such as
  question asking, increased physical activity, or active memory
  retrieval. In this paper, I focus on a specific subset of these
  behaviors: the \emph{decisions} that people make, or could make,
  during learning. That is, the capacity to exert control over the
  learning experience, including the selection, sequencing, or pacing of
  new information.}

Recent theoretical and empirical work has formalized these ideas by
characterizing development as a process of active hypothesis testing and
theory revision that can be described by principles of Bayesian
reasoning (Gopnik et al., 1999; Schulz, 2012). And work in cognitive
science has also modeled active learning as a process of Bayesian
updating with a ``hypothesis-dependent sampling bias'' (Markant \&
Gureckis, 2014). In the present section, I review these frameworks with
the goal of outlining the variety of mechanisms through which
self-directed control of behavior can enhance/change learning.

\subsubsection{Active learning enhances attention and
memory}\label{active-learning-enhances-attention-and-memory}

Markant et al. (2016) describe the benefits as ``enhanced memory may be
a common outcome of active learning that can arise from a number of
distinct mechanisms, depending on the kinds of control afforded by an
instructional activity''

Examples:

\begin{verbatim}
* Encoding of Distinctive Sensorimotor Associations
* Elaborative Encoding Through Goal-Directed Search and Planning
* Co-ordination of Selective Attention and Memory Encoding
* Adaptive Selection of Material
* Enhanced Memory Due to Metacognitive Monitoring 
\end{verbatim}

\subsubsection{\texorpdfstring{Active learning provides ``good''
information}{Active learning provides good information}}\label{active-learning-provides-good-information}

Markant and Gureckis (2014). Machine learning work

Focusing on \emph{choices} is useful since there is a rich literature
that has formalized decision-making process, which can be used to
describe behaviors made by both more knowledgeable others and by
learners. The interesting question is how costs/benefits of active
learning behaviors are altered by the social context and how reasoning
about learners as active might change the social context.

\subsubsection{What is missing from the active learning
account?}\label{what-is-missing-from-the-active-learning-account}

Active learning in social contexts. The presence of another agent can
change the cost/benefit structure of choices made for learning and
therefore we must include this information in our models of
self-directed learning, which often view the learner as moving back and
forth between active exploration and passive reception. This type of
active learning account does not leave room for social reasoning
processes (i.e., native utility calculus, goal reasoning) to change the
utility of active learning behaviors.

\section{Part III: Integrating social and active
learning}\label{part-iii-integrating-social-and-active-learning}

There are two points to make here. Active social learning - seek
information from social targets. Models of seeking information from
social targets:

\begin{verbatim}
-  Baldwin & Moses (1998): The Ontogeny of Social Information gathering
-  Chouinard (2007): Children's questions as learning mechanism
-  Hyo's and Liz Bonawitz's work
\end{verbatim}

Active learning takes into account a utility structure that can include
both the costs of data acquisition and the rewards of choosing an
example (e.g., in terms of information acquisition/uncertainty reduction
relative to some longer term learning goal).

Process:

\begin{verbatim}
- analyze costs and benefits of behavior
- planning models that take into account long-term value
- decisions in the brain and in non-human primates 
\end{verbatim}

\section{Conclusion}\label{conclusion}

Models of self-directed learning should include information the
social-communicative context in which learning often occurs. Reasoning
about other people modulate the choices that learners make: whether it's
who to talk to, what to look at, or what questions to ask.

Models of social learning should take into account the choice behaviors
available to the learner. i.e., think about teaching as reasoning about
another person's active learning or setting up a social learning context
where the learner selects actions

\newpage

\section{References}\label{references}

\setlength{\parindent}{-0.4in} \setlength{\leftskip}{0.125in} \noindent

\hypertarget{refs}{}
\hypertarget{ref-adriaans2017prosodic}{}
Adriaans, F., \& Swingley, D. (2017). Prosodic exaggeration within
infant-directed speech: Consequences for vowel learnability. \emph{The
Journal of the Acoustical Society of America}, \emph{141}(5),
3070--3078.

\hypertarget{ref-berlyne1960conflict}{}
Berlyne, D. E. (1960). Conflict, arousal, and curiosity.

\hypertarget{ref-bloom2002children}{}
Bloom, P. (2002). \emph{How children learn the meaning of words}. The
MIT Press.

\hypertarget{ref-bonawitz2016computational}{}
Bonawitz, E., \& Shafto, P. (2016). Computational models of development,
social influences. \emph{Current Opinion in Behavioral Sciences},
\emph{7}, 95--100.

\hypertarget{ref-boyd2011cultural}{}
Boyd, R., Richerson, P. J., \& Henrich, J. (2011). The cultural niche:
Why social learning is essential for human adaptation. \emph{Proceedings
of the National Academy of Sciences}, \emph{108}(Supplement 2),
10918--10925.

\hypertarget{ref-bruner1961act}{}
Bruner, J. S. (1961). The act of discovery. \emph{Harvard Educational
Review}.

\hypertarget{ref-butler2012preschoolers}{}
Butler, L. P., \& Markman, E. M. (2012). Preschoolers use intentional
and pedagogical cues to guide inductive inferences and exploration.
\emph{Child Development}, \emph{83}(4), 1416--1428.

\hypertarget{ref-castro2009human}{}
Castro, R. M., Kalish, C., Nowak, R., Qian, R., Rogers, T., \& Zhu, X.
(2009). Human active learning. In \emph{Advances in neural information
processing systems} (pp. 241--248).

\hypertarget{ref-clark2009first}{}
Clark, E. V. (2009). \emph{First language acquisition}. Cambridge
University Press.

\hypertarget{ref-cleveland2007joint}{}
Cleveland, A., Schug, M., \& Striano, T. (2007). Joint attention and
object learning in 5-and 7-month-old infants. \emph{Infant and Child
Development}, \emph{16}(3), 295--306.

\hypertarget{ref-cooper1990preference}{}
Cooper, R. P., \& Aslin, R. N. (1990). Preference for infant-directed
speech in the first month after birth. \emph{Child Development},
\emph{61}(5), 1584--1595.

\hypertarget{ref-csibra2009natural}{}
Csibra, G., \& Gergely, G. (2009). Natural pedagogy. \emph{Trends in
Cognitive Sciences}, \emph{13}(4), 148--153.

\hypertarget{ref-de2003investigating}{}
De Boer, B., \& Kuhl, P. K. (2003). Investigating the role of
infant-directed speech with a computer model. \emph{Acoustics Research
Letters Online}, \emph{4}(4), 129--134.

\hypertarget{ref-decasper1987human}{}
DeCasper, A. J., Fifer, W. P., Oates, J., \& Sheldon, S. (1987). Of
human bonding: Newborns prefer their mothers' voices. \emph{Cognitive
Development in Infancy}, 111--118.

\hypertarget{ref-eaves2016infant}{}
Eaves Jr, B. S., Feldman, N. H., Griffiths, T. L., \& Shafto, P. (2016).
Infant-directed speech is consistent with teaching. \emph{Psychological
Review}, \emph{123}(6), 758.

\hypertarget{ref-farroni2002eye}{}
Farroni, T., Csibra, G., Simion, F., \& Johnson, M. H. (2002). Eye
contact detection in humans from birth. \emph{Proceedings of the
National Academy of Sciences}, \emph{99}(14), 9602--9605.

\hypertarget{ref-farroni2007direct}{}
Farroni, T., Massaccesi, S., Menon, E., \& Johnson, M. H. (2007). Direct
gaze modulates face recognition in young infants. \emph{Cognition},
\emph{102}(3), 396--404.

\hypertarget{ref-fernald1987acoustic}{}
Fernald, A., \& Kuhl, P. (1987). Acoustic determinants of infant
preference for motherese speech. \emph{Infant Behavior and Development},
\emph{10}(3), 279--293.

\hypertarget{ref-fernald1991prosody}{}
Fernald, A., \& Mazzie, C. (1991). Prosody and focus in speech to
infants and adults. \emph{Developmental Psychology}, \emph{27}(2), 209.

\hypertarget{ref-fernald1984expanded}{}
Fernald, A., \& Simon, T. (1984). Expanded intonation contours in
mothers' speech to newborns. \emph{Developmental Psychology},
\emph{20}(1), 104.

\hypertarget{ref-frank2014inferring}{}
Frank, M. C., \& Goodman, N. D. (2014). Inferring word meanings by
assuming that speakers are informative. \emph{Cognitive Psychology},
\emph{75}, 80--96.

\hypertarget{ref-frank2009using}{}
Frank, M. C., Goodman, N. D., \& Tenenbaum, J. B. (2009). Using
speakers' referential intentions to model early cross-situational word
learning. \emph{Psychological Science}, \emph{20}(5), 578--585.

\hypertarget{ref-gelman2008generic}{}
Gelman, S. A., Goetz, P. J., Sarnecka, B. W., \& Flukes, J. (2008).
Generic language in parent-child conversations. \emph{Language Learning
and Development}, \emph{4}(1), 1--31.

\hypertarget{ref-goldstein2008social}{}
Goldstein, M. H., \& Schwade, J. A. (2008). Social feedback to infants'
babbling facilitates rapid phonological learning. \emph{Psychological
Science}, \emph{19}(5), 515--523.

\hypertarget{ref-goodman2009cause}{}
Goodman, N. D., Baker, C. L., \& Tenenbaum, J. B. (2009). Cause and
intent: Social reasoning in causal learning. In \emph{Proceedings of the
31st annual conference of the cognitive science society} (pp.
2759--2764).

\hypertarget{ref-gopnik1999scientist}{}
Gopnik, A., Meltzoff, A. N., \& Kuhl, P. K. (1999). \emph{The scientist
in the crib: Minds, brains, and how children learn.} William Morrow \&
Co.

\hypertarget{ref-grabinger1995rich}{}
Grabinger, R. S., \& Dunlap, J. C. (1995). Rich environments for active
learning: A definition. \emph{Research in Learning Technology},
\emph{3}(2).

\hypertarget{ref-graf2013infant}{}
Graf Estes, K., \& Hurley, K. (2013). Infant-directed prosody helps
infants map sounds to meanings. \emph{Infancy}, \emph{18}(5), 797--824.

\hypertarget{ref-hollich2000breaking}{}
Hollich, G. J., Hirsh-Pasek, K., Golinkoff, R. M., Brand, R. J., Brown,
E., Chung, H. L., \ldots{} Bloom, L. (2000). Breaking the language
barrier: An emergentist coalition model for the origins of word
learning. \emph{Monographs of the Society for Research in Child
Development}, i--135.

\hypertarget{ref-johnson1991newborns}{}
Johnson, M. H., Dziurawiec, S., Ellis, H., \& Morton, J. (1991).
Newborns' preferential tracking of face-like stimuli and its subsequent
decline. \emph{Cognition}, \emph{40}(1), 1--19.

\hypertarget{ref-kline2015learn}{}
Kline, M. A. (2015). How to learn about teaching: An evolutionary
framework for the study of teaching behavior in humans and other
animals. \emph{Behavioral and Brain Sciences}, \emph{38}.

\hypertarget{ref-kuhl2007speech}{}
Kuhl, P. K. (2007). Is speech learning `gated'by the social brain?
\emph{Developmental Science}, \emph{10}(1), 110--120.

\hypertarget{ref-kuhl2003foreign}{}
Kuhl, P. K., Tsao, F.-M., \& Liu, H.-M. (2003). Foreign-language
experience in infancy: Effects of short-term exposure and social
interaction on phonetic learning. \emph{Proceedings of the National
Academy of Sciences}, \emph{100}(15), 9096--9101.

\hypertarget{ref-markant2014better}{}
Markant, D. B., \& Gureckis, T. M. (2014). Is it better to select or to
receive? Learning via active and passive hypothesis testing.
\emph{Journal of Experimental Psychology: General}, \emph{143}(1), 94.

\hypertarget{ref-pegg1992preference}{}
Pegg, J. E., Werker, J. F., \& McLeod, P. J. (1992). Preference for
infant-directed over adult-directed speech: Evidence from 7-week-old
infants. \emph{Infant Behavior and Development}, \emph{15}(3), 325--345.

\hypertarget{ref-reid2005adult}{}
Reid, V. M., \& Striano, T. (2005). Adult gaze influences infant
attention and object processing: Implications for cognitive
neuroscience. \emph{European Journal of Neuroscience}, \emph{21}(6),
1763--1766.

\hypertarget{ref-rogoff1993guided}{}
Rogoff, B., Mistry, J., Göncü, A., Mosier, C., Chavajay, P., \& Heath,
S. B. (1993). Guided participation in cultural activity by toddlers and
caregivers. \emph{Monographs of the Society for Research in Child
Development}, i--179.

\hypertarget{ref-sage2011disentangling}{}
Sage, K. D., \& Baldwin, D. (2011). Disentangling the social and the
pedagogical in infants' learning about tool-use. \emph{Social
Development}, \emph{20}(4), 825--844.

\hypertarget{ref-schulz2012origins}{}
Schulz, L. (2012). The origins of inquiry: Inductive inference and
exploration in early childhood. \emph{Trends in Cognitive Sciences},
\emph{16}(7), 382--389.

\hypertarget{ref-senju2008gaze}{}
Senju, A., \& Csibra, G. (2008). Gaze following in human infants depends
on communicative signals. \emph{Current Biology}, \emph{18}(9),
668--671.

\hypertarget{ref-settles2012active}{}
Settles, B. (2012). Active learning. \emph{Synthesis Lectures on
Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning}, \emph{6}(1), 1--114.

\hypertarget{ref-shafto2012epistemic}{}
Shafto, P., Eaves, B., Navarro, D. J., \& Perfors, A. (2012). Epistemic
trust: Modeling children's reasoning about others' knowledge and intent.
\emph{Developmental Science}, \emph{15}(3), 436--447.

\hypertarget{ref-shafto2012learning}{}
Shafto, P., Goodman, N. D., \& Frank, M. C. (2012). Learning from others
the consequences of psychological reasoning for human learning.
\emph{Perspectives on Psychological Science}, \emph{7}(4), 341--351.

\hypertarget{ref-shafto2014rational}{}
Shafto, P., Goodman, N. D., \& Griffiths, T. L. (2014). A rational
account of pedagogical reasoning: Teaching by, and learning from,
examples. \emph{Cognitive Psychology}, \emph{71}, 55--89.

\hypertarget{ref-singh2009influences}{}
Singh, L., Nestor, S., Parikh, C., \& Yull, A. (2009). Influences of
infant-directed speech on early word recognition. \emph{Infancy},
\emph{14}(6), 654--666.

\hypertarget{ref-thiessen2005infant}{}
Thiessen, E. D., Hill, E. A., \& Saffran, J. R. (2005). Infant-directed
speech facilitates word segmentation. \emph{Infancy}, \emph{7}(1),
53--71.

\hypertarget{ref-tomasello1986joint}{}
Tomasello, M., \& Farrar, M. J. (1986). Joint attention and early
language. \emph{Child Development}, 1454--1463.

\hypertarget{ref-vouloumanos2007listening}{}
Vouloumanos, A., \& Werker, J. F. (2007). Listening to language at
birth: Evidence for a bias for speech in neonates. \emph{Developmental
Science}, \emph{10}(2), 159--164.

\hypertarget{ref-vygotsky1987zone}{}
Vygotsky, L. (1987). Zone of proximal development. \emph{Mind in
Society: The Development of Higher Psychological Processes},
\emph{5291}, 157.

\hypertarget{ref-xu2007word}{}
Xu, F., \& Tenenbaum, J. B. (2007). Word learning as bayesian inference.
\emph{Psychological Review}, \emph{114}(2), 245.

\hypertarget{ref-yoon2008communication}{}
Yoon, J. M., Johnson, M. H., \& Csibra, G. (2008). Communication-induced
memory biases in preverbal infants. \emph{Proceedings of the National
Academy of Sciences}, \emph{105}(36), 13690--13695.

\hypertarget{ref-yu2007unified}{}
Yu, C., \& Ballard, D. H. (2007). A unified model of early word
learning: Integrating statistical and social cues.
\emph{Neurocomputing}, \emph{70}(13), 2149--2165.

\hypertarget{ref-yu2012embodied}{}
Yu, C., \& Smith, L. B. (2012). Embodied attention and word learning by
toddlers. \emph{Cognition}.

\hypertarget{ref-yu2013joint}{}
Yu, C., \& Smith, L. B. (2013). Joint attention without gaze following:
Human infants and their parents coordinate visual attention to objects
through eye-hand coordination. \emph{PloS One}, \emph{8}(11), e79659.

\hypertarget{ref-yu2016social}{}
Yu, C., \& Smith, L. B. (2016). The social origins of sustained
attention in one-year-old human infants. \emph{Current Biology},
\emph{26}(9), 1235--1240.

\hypertarget{ref-yu2005role}{}
Yu, C., Ballard, D. H., \& Aslin, R. N. (2005). The role of embodied
intention in early lexical acquisition. \emph{Cognitive Science},
\emph{29}(6), 961--1005.

\bibliography{}

\end{document}
